[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a science fiction
horror film what lies below
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
the 16 year old lily is a shy girl
one day she meets her mom's new
boyfriend while staying in their cabin
by the lake
as the sexy man walks out of the lake
half naked
lily smells the man's strong hormone and
gets hooked immediately
hormone strong not only looks great but
also is a smart aquatic geneticist
he gives lily a vintage bracelet as soon
as he knows that lily is interested in
archaeology
hormone strong also starts to introduce
the history of the bracelet
but lily hears nothing all she can see
now
is his shining body muscles later lily
even tries her new dress
hoping to make her hormones smelly and
magnetic so as to attract hormones
strong
but she's so disappointed to notice that
he focuses on her mother only
lilly learns that hormone strong and his
team stay here for the ecological study
of the lake
trying to accelerate the evolution of
those like creatures which are not able
to adapt to sea water
during his stay there hormone strong
encountered her mother
who had been single for years and is
hungry for a new relationship
so she fell in love with this muscular
man at first sight
after introducing his job hormone strong
takes some salads
but starts to cough terribly after just
one bite
the mother seems so worried about what's
going on with him and lily also shows
her great concern
feeling the care from both of them
hormone strong hugs her mother with a
big smile
while placing his hand on lily's
shoulder gently to show his appreciation
lily seems to get a hormone shot from
his hand and couldn't fall asleep that
night
there is horny groaning coming from her
mother's bedroom so she decides to have
a peep through the gap under the door
but is frightened to see a shadow
flitting by she rushes back to her room
and pretends to sleep hormone strong
doesn't notice her peeping
he stares at sleeping lily at the door
for a while and then
closes her door the next morning lily
runs into her mother flirting with
hormones strong in the kitchen
and she is so jealous that she
intentionally interrupts them
one day lily is bitten by a centipede
while walking along the lakeside
working nearby hormone strong discovers
and dresses her wound
lily is so touched that she puts on the
bracelet he sent and grabs some beer to
meet him in the basement
then she learns hormone strong study on
the lamprey lampreys are ancient
creatures
that could live in both freshwater and
seawater they would attach themselves to
other creatures
and suck their hosts blood to live and
reproduce due to human activities
the fresh water is decreasing posting a
threat to the freshwater creatures
therefore the lampreys become the key to
his study if he could make a
breakthrough
he might be able to help the freshwater
creatures migrate to seawater
instead of hormone strong study what
lily really targets
is his warm smile and sexy body me
later while lily accompanies hormones
strong to the lake to collect some
samples
her period floods her unexpectedly
hormone strong gently covers her with
his clothes
but to her shock he starts to suck his
finger stained with her blood
which makes lily extremely embarrassed
and confused
she may believe the gross weirdo just
likes to eat her hormones rather than
treat her a hormone game
she takes a shower to wash her dirty
body as soon as she gets home
while hormone strong sneaks into the
bathroom and tastes the clothes covered
with her blood
in fear and confusion lily contacts her
lady bro for help
and asks her to come over lily's so
worried that she cannot fall asleep
again that night as some red lights
shine in through the window
she gets up to check it but only to find
hormone strong's heading to the red
lights in the lake
she rushes out to the lake but finds
nobody there
hormone strong suddenly appears behind
her but stays bone dry inside and out
lily's still very suspicious of all
these strange things
the next morning lily finds her mother
vomiting seriously
under her repeated request lily goes to
a local pharmacy to buy some pregnant
test kit
right then lily happens to see hormones
strong stating some street girl on the
street
she rushes out of the store but is
stopped by the salesman for payment
so she has to watch two of them leaving
in a car
upon arriving home she sends the kit to
her mother but surprisingly finds
hormones strong is actually the hormone
fast
who reaches home far more quickly than
she expects
lying on the bed her mother seems even
weaker but the mother insists she could
be safe and sound with hormone strong's
care
lily shares with her arriving ladybro
all the strange things that happen these
days
and the lady suggests she make it clear
to her mother however
lily completely falls asleep after
eating something from the fridge
and there is not a trace of her friend
after she wakes up
the mother says that her friend has
already left and shares the good news of
her pregnancy
in fear lily tries to convince her to
leave hormones strong for safety
however the mother turns into great
anger and slaps on lily's face
in order to break them up lily then
exposes to hormones strong her mother's
real age hormone strong leaves the room
in anger
once he gets to know her mother
misclaimed her age and she isn't young
enough for his strong hormone
it's a sleepless night for lily again
that night she goes out to check
after hearing some strange noise coming
from the roof
while getting back she's shocked to
catch a violent but shameless hormone
let go
scene produced by her old mother and
hormone straw
what's more she notices some horrible
objects moving right
under his back skin she's frightened up
and runs back to her room
as the horny groaning disappears later
lily checks it again
but finds the two are not there anymore
so she goes to look for her mother
when the red lights show again from the
lake she drives her car closer with its
headlights on
trying to take a clear look this time
but she forgets to pull up the handbrake
the car slides into the lake slowly and
is trapped in water
lily is extremely desperate since the
only vehicle she could use to escape
is broken down with the high beams on
she notices the red lights are from a
spaceship-like object
landing on the lake returning to the
house she tries to call for help
but still can't get through she calls
her mother's phone instead
following the mother's phone ringing she
comes to the basement where hormone
strong has been studying
wadding through water on the basement
floor lily finally finds her mother
locked up in a huge glass tank
waiting for bearing lily tries to unlock
her mother
and notices the marks on her braces
which are the same as
marks on the basement wall after waking
up her mother apologized to lily
and convinces her to leave right away
when they hear some footsteps
approaching
lily hides behind the tank and sees
hormone strong walks in with two
monstrous feet
however he couldn't walk through the
water until he wears a pair of boots
as some salt has been poured into the
water by mistake
now lily realizes that hormone strong is
a kind of creature
who's afraid of sea water and his
purpose is to brood offsprings
that could adapt to sea water under his
pushing
the mother finally gives birth to a baby
monster but soon
hormone strong turns unsatisfied as
she's too old to bear a healthy
baby who turns to be a hormone weak
hormone strong leaves the basement soon
with a newborn hormone weak
and feeds a shining blue ball into the
baby's mouth
to stop his return lily then locks the
door quickly
and calls 9-1-1 with hormone strong's
phone
but soon she discovers that all those
failure calls she made
are due to the signal jammers installed
in the basement lily then smashes all
the jammers
and finally gets through with 9-1-1 but
she's terrified
to see her friend's body has already
become the food of lampreys
and soon hormone strong breaks in and
tries to seize her
fortunately lily grabs a bucket of salts
in panic
and pours them all over hormones strong
during their fight
assaults burn hormones strong skin
terribly and paralyze him
shortly after lily rescues her mother
from the water tank
while she carries her injured mother
trying to walk out of the house
she gets knocked out suddenly by the
time she wakes up
she finds herself locked up in the
basement then she sees several guys with
the same look as hormone strong
walking downstairs they break the white
walls
revealing tons of hiding glass tanks
with women's bodies
the hormones strong that lily has hurt
also walks down
he spits out a blue ball and forces lily
to swallow it
later lily is awakened by spraying water
much to her panic
she finds herself lying in a locked
glass coffin surrounded by numerous
others stuffed with young girls bodies
soon after lily gets used to the
underwater environment
and begins to show her creepy smiles
implicating that she's become one of
them
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out